Add documentation of data type precedence (#16648)
crate/crate: docs/general/ddl/data-types.rst

         defining a column to not use the column store or by :ref:`turning off indexing
         <sql_ddl_index_off>`.

Precedence and type conversion
------------------------------

When expressions of different data types are combined by operators or scalars,
the data type with the lower precedence is converted to the data type

> with the higher precedence. If the conversion isn't a supported implicit
> conversion, an error is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the higher precedence. If an implicit conversion between the types isn't
supported, an error is returned.
```

Not sure either - just a suggestion

The following precedence order is used for data types (highest to lowest):

1. Custom (complex) types (currently: :ref:`bitstring <data-types-bit-strings>`,
   :ref:`float_vector <type-float_vector>`) (highest)
2. :ref:`GEO_SHAPE <data-types-geo-shape>`
3. :ref:`JSON <data-type-json>`
4. :ref:`OBJECT <data-types-objects>`
5. :ref:`GEO_POINT <data-types-geo-point>`
6. ``Record`` (internal type, return type of
   :ref:`table functions <table-functions>`)
7. :ref:`Array <data-types-arrays>`
8. :ref:`Numeric <data-types-numeric>`
9. :ref:`Double precision <type-double-precision>`
10. :ref:`Real <type-real>`
11. :ref:`IP <data-types-ip-addresses>`
12. :ref:`Bigint <type-bigint>`
13. :ref:`Timestamp without time zone <type-timestamp-without-tz>`

> 14. :ref:`Timestamp with time zone <type-timestamp-with-tz>`

Reviewer 2: I realize this is just documentation, but why is without timezone stronger than with timezone? It seems like with-tz is without-tz plus additional info

Author: > but why is without timezone stronger than with timezone? It seems like with-tz is without-tz plus additional info

Because a time stamp with time zone can be cast to a time stamp without time zone, but not the other way around without loosing information (the time zone).
